Updated GPG verification documentation (#91)
spesmilo/electrum-docs: gpg-check.rst

Verifying GPG signature of Electrum using Linux command line
============================================================

> This can be used to verify either the the Linux Python or AppImage version of Electrum

Reviewer: This guide can be used to verify any download not just the Linux ones
```suggestion
This can be used to verify the authenticity of Electrum binaries/sources.
```
